You may think that the situation of today's work of popular science is good, or certainly not bad. But do you sense that, the expensive mechanism and complicated instruments in the science museum get something different from their original objects -- arrogant(傲慢) of wealth among science. Yes, when students come into the science museum, they may feel the power of technology and strong eager to be a explorer like Edison or Einstein. But what happened when they leaves? They can't use those extremely expensive big guy in their daily life. Instead, some one not wealthy may agrees that science and technology is far away from student like he and they just belong to someone affords telescope or VR instruments. Should the poor children loss their hope in the gate of science? Absolutely not.

A philosopher had said, education is life. Popular science work should also step into students life without much money to be paid. I get this idea by a piece of news in Internet that an Indian teacher invented a microscope made of paper that can magnifying little objects by a rate of ten thousand with the cost of just 1 dollar. I am interested in the information, so I buy one on Taobao, which name is "Foldscope". In general, the result is amazing. Even it is very cheap, I still can watch the leg of insect very clearly. Later I known that this "Foldscope" is use to check fungoid(真菌) on banana in Rwanda, and students in Tanzania deal with parasite in cow dung(牛粪). I think its is a very good example to "Cheap science", which give us a chance to brought closer the relationship between students and science. Popularizing science should not limited by currency. This is why we develop the project help give students in remote area more chance to touch the knowledge by providing cheap science toys like Foldscope. Money should not be the burrier between students and interest of science.